welcome back to the round one Japan Cup
yoshihiro kaji already into the finals
now Mika koivu Nemean Shawn rash have
gone ten frames tied at 2 23 and we are
headed for a roll off very exciting here
in Tokyo rash was down by 23 pins came
back late helped out by koivu niemi with
an open frame in the 10th and now this
sets up our roll off and the rules are
simple in the roll off Randy the higher
seed chooses Elaine and order that's
Mikko Koivu Niemi each player is going
to throw and the higher pinfall will win
meek has chosen to start on the right
lane no spare conversions one ball mika
to try to put the pressure here in
overtime as it were on rash first ball
on its way mika comes through big and i
like the fact that nikka decided that he
would start putting the pressure
immediately on Sean rash so now rash
with a remarkable comeback in this
second semi-final shawn has proven to
himself in this match that he can handle
the pressure he needed to strike out in
the 10th on the left lane that's what he
did and finally ended up in the roll off
with Mika now here needing to strike to
stay alive
brash got the hook and got the strike
I'm gonna go with that's a pretty good
break oh boy I think he's got a couple
really good breaks the 49 that Mika left
in the 10th frame and that ball striking
fresh looking quite relieved now they
moved to the left lane Mika composed as
always and he keep the heat on Shah
trash yes he can one wall shot deserves
another Mika just came back with his
version now it's up to Shawn rash he has
to strike on this fall to stay in it
rash just struck out on the left lane in
the 10th frame he has to feel confident
here see mika feeling the nerves just a
little bit swaying back and forth rash
needs a strike he got it
he made a great point that Sean rash
struck out on this flat plane and
regulation but that's why Mika chose to
start sudden death on the right lane
remember rash goes to 10 on that Lane
even though Mika 49 it's a small
adjustment had to be a lot of doubts in
that man's head when he stepped up on
the right lane now both players back to
the right lane the mental game of pro
bowling coming into play here on the
Roloffs beginning the third frame of
this roll off now koivu Naomi Tom Penn
doors open great shot here another nasty
ringing 10 pin we've seen throughout the
telecast and it couldn't come at a worse
time for the big fin now Sean rash a
strike and he will move on to bowl for
the title yoshihiro kaji already into
the finals awaiting his opponent it will
be one of the biggest names in the PBA
no matter who wins rash with a strike to
move on oh he can't get it the roll-off
will continue well he's playing a lot of
angle on that right lane the last two
shots went like that shot goes high
interesting cat and mouse game going on
see both players playing the lanes
completely different from one another
rascal with big rainbow make of the down
an inch shot Mika has struck on every
shot except one same for Sean rash every
time Mika steps up and throws a strike
it puts the pressure squarely back on
Sean rash rash has matched mika shot for
shot in this role miko with the big ball
on the left lane
now back on Shawn's shoulders crash must
strike where he's done Luca has done his
job crash needs the ball oh and he backs
off again
as if the moment were not tense enough
Sean took half a step and then backed
off to his credit understanding that he
was not quite ready he needs to strike
rash comes up empty Mika koivu near me
wins the match and moves on to the
finals
Sean rash could not pull off the strike
what a match Randy well it was a great
match and we just saw it to a
professional bowling spinous going
head-to-head in just a great great
matchup they'll make a koivunen he moves
through after his rollout victory over
Sean rash he will take on yoshihiro kaji
in the finals of the round one Japan Cup
right after this